(EAI-249): Documentation improvement for Booster/filtering (#360)
mongodb/chatbot: docs/docs/server/rag/retrieve.md

  searchBoosters: [boostFoo],
};
```

:::note Index Atlas Vector Search Filters Used in Boosters

If you are using an Atlas Vector Search filter in a booster,
you must include the filter in your index definition. For more information on Atlas Vector Search filters,
refer to [Atlas Vector Search filter index definition](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/atlas-vector-search/vector-search-type/#about-the-filter-type)
in the MongoDB Atlas documentation.

> For example, if you want to ensure that you include data from a specific data source `sourceName` in your results,
> include the following in your vector search index definition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you might have a booster that finds data from a specific
data source by including a filter on a field named `sourceName` during
vector search. For the search to run, you must include the `dataSource`
field and any other filtered fields in your vector search index
definition:
```
